[Music]
from television Center this is the
Strictly Come Dancing children in need
special now please welcome your hosts
[Music]
[Applause]
good evening ladies gentlemen children
there welcome to Strictly Come Dancing
children in need it's nice to see you
too see you and as it's children in need
we have an audience of children so I'm
gonna start with an a joke for pansy how
do you get a bear to eat his genes go on
how do you get a bear 20 G's come on
bear well I'm losing let's get on with
the show well then we have two
superstars strictly celebrities waiting
in the wings don't - get back here in
the ballroom where they belong that's
right now they may not have lifted the
guitar more trophy but they were our
peoples champions and tonight rather
dancing for your votes at home i
Strictly Come Dancing children need
champions 2012 will be decided by our
awesome foursome the judges everyone is
dancing to help change the lives of
disadvantaged children around the whole
of the UK we're all hoping that's going
to encourage you to pick up the phone
and donate whatever you can to children
in need - the number to call is oh three
four five seven double three double -
double three and thank you very much but
who are the mystery couples let's find
out
[Music]
[Applause]
mr. grant see
[Music]
[Applause]
miss Whittaker and Whittaker Russell
ground back on the dance floor
my dream has come true they told me I
was going to be returning champions is
everyone else busy people of Great
Britain this is going to be a
once-in-a-lifetime and miserable event
we have seen before we know what they
can do and it's not very much yes their
game Russell does understand rhythm
Russell did actually dance I brought to
the strictly dance floor everything
except that we don't fabulous I so grow
a great big bundle of joy
he is quite musical and he's really
really theatrical
he's not gonna come out of a rocket
again this dance he's looking for a swan
lake' actually she might get it when Ann
Widdecombe was on the show whatever
happened you were entertaining I
remember her being dragged along the
floor at one stage the floor has never
been so shiny I'm hoping that viewers
will think my routine is some aunt of
this world she's hungry for it now she
might give Russell a run for his money
to megastar who dares wins and
Whittington's
Russell Graham Hector hey cheek-to-cheek
please welcome the two couples who
always got more laughs than votes and
would've come with aunt on a Russell
grant with flavia
[Applause]
[Music]
that was absolutely I can't explain it
was actually Marvin now let's hear what
our judges thought
Darcy my darling well I so wish I'd been
there when you were competing in your
shows I didn't miss a lot where you have
the next me hold your it is beautiful I
mean you're excited that's what I love
to see if anybody can enjoy it as much
as you do I'd like to watch every time
[Applause]
you know we chucked them out
let me say this good spot you've come
out for children in need performance of
devastating impact forgettable array of
him Fontaine grant
Witek am King Kong and Godzilla Craig
will you give us your views on both
couples Russell timing rhythm all very
very good very exciting to see you back
first look with a little scary of remind
me of a CD no sign of improvement and I
would go as far to say a complete dance
dissolved thank you so much judges to
get back with that sort of game it was
an excuse to see you again
oh please did you take your positions
either trophy and very best of luck to
you both
no phone vote tonight but Ana Russell
still really want you to call and help
them raise as much money as possible for
children need don't forget the number Oh
three four five seven double three
double - double three thank you keep
bringing that number now it's time to
see who is going to take home the
children in need trophy
each judge will vote for their favorite
couple in the event of a tie head judge
men will have the deciding vote time for
the judges to choose a champion so pray
who do you think deserves to lift the
children in each row feet for me the
best dancers Russell and Flavio Flavia
Darcy who's your champion of choice for
me it is Russell and Flavia
[Applause]
vote to nil so if Bruno now makes you
his champion
that means Russell and Flavia you are
our winners Bruno who gets your vote I
will go for a couple that I think is
strictly unforgettable well then it's
crucial it's all down to you what's your
decision well I thought they were both
great entertainment but by a gnat's
whisker vassal and Flavia
[Applause]
[Music]
out of so many competitors how do you
feel about winning against those two
well it's lovely to be able to win this
because I want to dedicate that and give
back to Flavia silences thank you so
much Pinnacle Sports for taking part and
for raising money for children
congratulations you are the children
indeed sweetly come down team champions
[Applause]
thank you to both of our wonderful
wonderful couple and to you at home for
watching and donating please please give
whatever you can and remember
[Applause]